There's no other name given among men under heaven by which we must be saved.
There's no name higher, better, sweeter, stronger than the name of Jesus.
He is the one who saves.
He is the king of kings.
He is the master of the universe.
He's the lover of your soul.
He's the righteous one.
He is your advocate.
He is your defense attorney.
He is the Lord over all lords, and you have access to Him.
So let us take time now as a faith family to approach the throne of grace, and let's find help in our time of need.
Our Father, there is no one, no one like you.
We thank you, Father, that you alone are worthy of worship, that we get to gather as those who have been redeemed by your precious son's blood shed on the cross.
What a marvelous, wondrous mystery.
The king of the universe who becomes like one of us so that we can be united with you forever.
What a glorious gospel.
What a marvelous king.
You are a mighty God.
Oh Father, I pray your blessing upon your people today.
Would you strengthen them in the faith?
Would you remind them once again today that they are loved?
They are chosen, adopted,
Rejected.
Children with an inheritance that is to come.
The soon will be raised to be with you forever.
I praise you, O God, that you are at work in their life right now.
In and through the good and the bad and the hard God, you are at work, and I praise you for it.
Because you are conforming us into the image of your son.
You are strengthening the faith of your people, and you are mobilizing us as a people to proclaim the fame of your name.
to the nations and to our neighbors.
So Lord, would you bless your people and would you bless your church?
Father, we wanna be a church that is dangerous against the kingdom of darkness.
As we lift up the light of the world, the Lord Jesus Christ.
So God, use us to that end.
May the great commission be fulfilled through us.
Our yes is on the table of God.
We will follow your lead and we will trust you with all of our hearts.
we are yours, in Jesus' name we pray.
And all God's people said, amen, amen, amen, church, you may be seated.
I know as we're in this season of cold weather, I want you to know I'm just so proud of you for gathering today, not convenient.
I think I got word that there was a wonderful train that was blocking half of our community from getting here today.
So thank you for your perseverance and your endurance
It makes my heart full to see you.
I'm so grateful to God for you.
You know, the cold weather that we're experiencing, I think you know this about me.
I do not like cold weather.
Not a fan at all.
I love to get as much heat going as possible.
But you know, it's interesting that the cold weather we're experiencing is nothing like the cold weather that they were experiencing in Nome, Alaska in 1925, where the temperature was negative 50.
And they were put in a really bad situation because they're in gnome, Alaska, 1925, were hundreds of kids who were dying with diphtheria.
And the medicine that could save their lives was 700 miles away.
The blizzard conditions they were experiencing were so intense that they had the inability to fly or bring the medicine by boat.
What happened was a whole army of dog mushers rallied together a strategy that within five days, they took the necessary medicine across this frozen tundra.
And these 150 dogs passing the medicine from one musher to another to another.
And in February the second, 1925,
Riding into no Molasko was the medication that saved the lives of all of those children.
How wonderful would that have been as apparent to see that the very medicine that your child needed to live was arriving?
How beautiful are the feet of the people who bring in the very thing that will protect and preserve the life of your child, the children of your community.
Oh, the joy and the celebration of that moment.
Well, you see, right now, there's an even greater sickness, a disease that is deadly that affects not just a small pocket of children in the world, but indeed every human being in the world.
Sin has infected and affected every human being on planet Earth.
Every human being is in desperate need of a spiritual medicine that we cannot find or create on our own.
It's not found by looking inward.
It's by receiving something that comes from outside of us.
You see the medicine.
that every human being needs is the gospel of Jesus Christ.
It's the good news of what God has done for us through His Son, that Jesus came and lived that perfect, obedient life to His Father that you and I couldn't live.
He died the death that we deserved at the cross.
And through His shed blood on the cross, His blood pays for our sin in full.
He satisfies the wrath of God towards sin at the cross.
So now those who trust in Him by faith are rescued.
We are saved.
And this beautiful, wonderful Savior was laid into a tomb, but He only needed it for three days.
From the third day, he got up from that grave and defeated death once and for all time.
And through his finished work, through his death and resurrection, anybody and everybody can get in on this gospel.
You can be healed of your disease of sin and death because Jesus took your sin and death upon himself.
So through faith in Jesus, you are healed, you are cleansed.
Well, this precious gospel that we love and that we preach every week and that we study daily in our Bibles is this great gospel that we get to go and tell to the nations.
And how beautiful are the feet of those who take this precious gospel to the ends of the earth.
And that is what the Apostle Paul is driving home in Romans chapter 10.
Let me show you.
Grab your Bible.
and turn with me to Romans chapter 10.
It's in your New Testament, Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, Acts, and then you get to the book of Romans.
Now every year at Westwood, we host this Lift Mission Summit.
It's an annual celebration of what God is doing amongst the nations and our neighbors.
It's a time for us to refocus as a church on the urgency
and the priority of fulfilling the great commission.
I shared with you earlier.
I'd love to have you back here today at four o'clock.
At four o'clock, are we right here in this room?
We're gonna have a time of worship and prayer.
We're gonna hear updates from our mission partners, from the global side of things.
They have traveled a long distance to be here with you.
So what a way you can honor them and celebrate them, but they will feel so loved by your presence here.
But then at five o'clock after we worship, wherever in a worship from four to five, you'll hear stories, then they're going to break out into their small groups and you get to go and have personal conversations, hear stories, you can learn how you and your family, your small group can join our global mission partners.
And then this upcoming Wednesday, we want you right back in here at six o'clock.
Wednesday, six o'clock right back in here.
Same thing except we're gonna hear from our local partners this Wednesday night.
So today at four, love to have you here to celebrate this.
Why?
Because the mission of the church for the past 2,000 years has been to fulfill the great commission.
What is the great commission?
Well, if you've been here westward long enough, you know, this is our heartbeat.
It comes from Matthew 28 verses 18 through 20.
where Jesus says, all authority in heaven and on earth has been given to me.
Go therefore and make disciples of all nations, pantae ethnos, baptizing them in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.
teaching them to obey all that I have commanded you.
And remember, I'll be with you even to the end of the age.
This is the mission that Jesus left for his church to be about.
This is our priority.
There's a lot of good and great things the church can be doing, but this is priority.
This takes center stage.
This is the focus of the mission of the church.
It is fulfilling the great commission of making disciples of all nations.
The way that we say it here at Westwood is Westwood exists to invest in people
who will impact their world for Jesus.
That's locally and globally.
That's with the nations and with our neighbors.
We share the gospel of Jesus Christ.
Now to set the stage of where we're going today, the Book of Romans is the Apostle Paul's theological magnum opus.
It is robust with deep theological truths in which Paul's primary argument of the entire Book of Romans is, you can be justified before God through faith in Jesus.
You can be made right with God through faith in Christ.
Well, to kind of set the stage of leading up to Romans 10, let's kind of get the background.
Romans chapter 1, Paul's argument is that all Gentiles, people who are not Jewish, are unrighteous.
Romans chapter 2, all of Jews, guess what?
You are unrighteous.
Romans 3, in case you didn't get Romans, what in Romans 2?
The whole world is unrighteous.
Romans 3, 23, for all have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God.
But there's good news.
You can be made right with God through faith.
Just look at Abraham as an example.
That's Paul's argument in chapter 4.
But your faith is not in Abraham.
Your faith is in Romans 5.
Jesus Christ.
Romans 5 verse 1, Paul says, therefore, having been justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ.
He got his son Jesus, who Romans 5, 8.
God demonstrates his own love for us in this, that even while we were at yet sinners, Christ died for us.
And when you put your faith in Christ, Romans 6, God gives you a new life.
But in this new life, Romans 7, you're going to struggle.
Like you're going to fight, you're going to scratch and claw towards a righteous life of living for Jesus.
Paul says in Romans 7, I don't do the things that I should.
I do the things that I shouldn't.
There is a struggle that Paul is describing that as a follower of Jesus, he is at war against his own flesh.
And as followers of Jesus, all of us in this room, we are at war against sin.
We are fighting against our flesh.
And so we're promoted to glory.
We are at war.
And you can even see towards the end of chapter 7 where Paul says, who can rescue me from this body of death?
Thanks be to God through Jesus Christ our Lord.
Because the good news is in your fight against sin, Romans 7, God gives you His Holy Spirit, Romans 8.
The Holy Spirit lives inside of you.
He gives you life.
He gives you power.
In fact, if there's any verse in Scripture that should make you want to get up and dance, it's Romans 8 verse 1.
Therefore, having been justified by faith, we, oh, that's Romans 5-1.
Romans 8-1 says, therefore, there's now no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus.
For the law of the spirit of life has set you free,
The law of the Spirit of life has set you free in Christ Jesus from the law of sin and death, meaning hell is off the table if you are in Christ.
You're no longer under condemnation.
You've been set free by Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit of God has come and set up residence inside of you.
But make no mistake, Romans 9, salvation is of God.
God is the one who saves.
and has got longs for Israel, got longs for the Jews to come to faith in Christ, Romans 9, make no mistake, God is the one who saves.
But true Israel, Paul's argument in Romans 9, is everyone who believes the gospel.
Jew and Gentile, you trust in Christ, you become true Israel.
Unfortunately, many of the Jews have rejected the gospel.
They have rejected the Savior, and this is where the Apostle Paul
turns his heart towards a missionary heart in Romans 10.
Beginning with verse one, the Holy Scriptures says this.
Brothers and sisters, my heart's desire and prayers to God concerning them is for their salvation.
I can testify about them that they have a zeal for God, but not according to knowledge, since they're ignorant of the righteousness of God and attempted to establish their own righteousness.
They've not submitted to God's righteousness.
For Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to everyone who believes.
Since Moses writes about the righteousness that is from the law, the one who does these things will live by them.
But the righteousness that comes from faith speaks like this.
Do not say in your heart who will go up to heaven, that is to bring Christ down, or who will go down into the abyss, that is to bring Christ up from the dead.
On the contrary, what does it say?
The message is near you, in your mouth and in your heart.
This is the message of faith that we proclaim.
If you confess with your mouth, Jesus is Lord.
In believing your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved.
One believes with the heart, resulting in righteousness.
And one confesses with the mouth, resulting in salvation.
But the scripture says, everyone who believes on him will not be put to shame.
Since there is no distinction between Jew and Greek because the same Lord of all richly blesses all who call on Him for everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved.
How then can they call on Him they have not believed in?
How can they believe without hearing about it?
And how can they hear without a preacher?
And how can they preach unless they are
sense, as it is written, how beautiful are the feet of those who bring good news.
The mission of God is to bring people from every tribe, tongue, people, and nation to a saving knowledge and a right relationship with himself through his son, the Lord Jesus Christ.
You see, God's in his son, Jesus, to be the savior through which the whole world can be saved from sin and death.
Now we,
who have believed this gospel, we bear the joyful privilege of getting the good news of Jesus to people all over the world.
We get to go and tell the good news of Jesus, and we have beautiful feet, is Paul's argument.
In Romans 10, the Apostle Paul gives the church gathered in Rome, and he gives the church gathered in Shelby County, a theology of evangelism and missions.
If Westwood is going to be faithful,
To obey the Lord Jesus Christ, to obey His command, to make disciples of all nations, I want you to notice from Romans 10 how we are going to be effective in fulfilling the Great Commission.
Three things I want you to see from the text.
The first thing I want you to see is this, is that if we're going to be faithful and effective in Great Commission, we must pray with tears.
prayed with tears.
The Apostle Paul is broken over the lostness of the Jewish people.
He longed for them to come to faith in Jesus.
In fact, if you backpedal in your Bible to chapter 9, verse 1, he says, I have great sorrow and unceasing anguish for my kinsmen according to the flesh.
For I wish that I myself were accursed and cut off from Christ so that they might be saved.
Paul, one of the Jewish people to come to know Jesus so badly, he says, I would be willing to give up my salvation.
I'm willing to go to hell so they can be saved.
He has tears.
He's weeping Romans 9-1.
He longs for them to come to know Jesus.
But those tears don't remain alone and motivates them to prayer.
Romans 10-1, which is, it is my sincere prayer to God.
It's for their salvation.
Paul had a heart to see the people who were far from God to come to a saving knowledge of Jesus.
It was his heartbeat, which he's praying with tears in his eyes.
Oh, God, please save them.
God, please open their eyes to believe.
And even as we're looking at the Book of Romans, this incredibly doctrinally solid book, which we learn of these deep truths of God, hall of thought and ivory tower theologian.
He's not distant from the people in which you care.
He's a pastor.
He loves the people.
He's thinking about people he knows, people he grew up with, people whose names and faces he was familiar with, and he longed for them to come to know Jesus.
If you want to be effective in reaching your family for Jesus,
Pray with tears in your eyes.
If you want to reach the nations, we're going to pray with tears in our eyes.
Paul has a brokenness for unbelievers.
He'll homes from them to come to know Jesus.
Because he knows the gospel is the only thing that can save people from sin and death.
To your eyes, how precious of the gospel that we possess.
We are holding on to the only thing that can save people from eternal hope.
This is the most important thing, Church.
Yeah.
This is what matters.
And so you pray with tears.
You go to Luke 19.
And what do you see?
You see Jesus on the Mount of Olives, looking across the Kidron Valley, seeing the landscape of Jerusalem before him.
He sees the temple.
He sees the Antonio fortress.
He sees homes and buildings and structures.
And what does he do?
He weeps.
With tears coming down our Savior's face, He is crying out on behalf of the people who have rejected Him.
The promised Messiah who would finally come for Israel, they rejected Him, and so He weaves.
They has broken over the spiritual condition of the people whom He loves.
Question, who are you weeping for?
Would you allow your burden for people to come to know Jesus may compel you to pray with tears in your eyes?
If it's been a while since you have wept over unbelievers, would you pray?
God, break from my heart for what breaks Yours.
And Lord, if I find myself getting emotional and broken and hearted or things that don't really matter that are temporary, God, I want to turn away from that.
God, would you give me emotions and affections that align with what you have in your heart for people?
Because, God, you love people.
When I was in high school, I was in a newspaper class and there were two girls who they weren't very popular and I was not kind to them at all.
I didn't know Jesus yet.
And I just remember one day, one of them said to me, hey, Kenneth, we're praying for you.
I'm convinced I'm a follower of Jesus now because of some girls who are praying for me.
To my shame, I don't even remember their names.
You have no idea the impact that your prayers can have as you're weeping and praying for unbelievers to come to faith in Jesus.
Westwood, if we're going to be faithful and effective in fulfilling the Great Commission, we've got to be a people who seek God in prayer, and it leads us to weep, which we long, and we plead, and we beg.
It's God to save people whom we love, and people whom we've never met.
And people on the other side of the world, for some reason, God because He's stirring your heart for a people group, for a nation.
And you have no idea why you're crying for them.
You don't know anyone there.
But what is God doing?
He is stirring your heart to pray.
These mission partners are in town.
They're here to let you know.
We want to connect you with them.
We want you to know how you can be leveraging your prayer lives.
To be reaching people whom you're never going to meet.
But you may be very well laying the
The plowing the ground of the soil for future fruit in the way that you do is through your prayers.
Paul says in Romans 10, one, is my heart's desire and prayer to God that they may be saved.
So you pray with tears.
But number two, you preach the gospel to everyone.
You preach the gospel to everyone.
That's what Paul's arguing here in the text.
His primary burden, Romans 10, is for the salvation of the Jews.
They have a zeal for God, verse two.
but not according to the knowledge of the truth.
They didn't believe in Christ for salvation.
They missed the one that the Old Testament was driving them towards.
The Jewish religious leaders of Paul's day were trying to keep Old Testament law as their merit for salvation while not realizing that it's Jesus Christ, verse four, who is the end of the law.
This is a great reminder just because someone is religious does not mean that they know Jesus.
Don't miss that.
As these Old Testament, I'm sorry, as these Jewish leaders are looking to the Old Testament, looking for salvation, they missed him.
The Old Testament law finds its fulfillment in Jesus Christ.
You see, they were trying to be righteous by trying to keep Old Testament law.
Let me keep the Sabbath.
Let me keep these fasting rituals and laws.
Let me try and do all these things written all throughout the Old Testament, thinking they're obedience
is what made them right with God.
Not realizing that Old Testament law was showing them, A, God is holy and perfect, he alone can keep this law.
Number two, you can't keep this law, that's the point.
Romans, part three, Jesus comes, keeps it on your behalf, and now through faith in him, God sees you as keeping that law because Christ himself is within you.
Okay, these Jewish leaders completely missed it.
You see, righteousness is found not in your obedience, but in Jesus' obedience for you.
It's by you trusting in Jesus Christ and what He came to do for you.
Salvation is not found in your Old Testament law keeping.
It's found in Christ's perfect law keeping obedience that He lived out before His Father.
Jesus lived a life of perfect obedience before God.
And through His substitutionary death on the cross, He takes your place
And for all the ways that you and I fall short of God's perfect standard, Jesus atones for our sin.
He pays for it in full.
Not in part, all of it.
All of your sin, past, present, future, paid for in full by Jesus through His precious blood on the cross.
So now God takes the righteousness of Jesus and He imputes it, He gives it freely to you.
You now possess the righteousness of Christ within you.
You have received, not by your merit, but the Christ's merit for you.
You've trusted in Christ, so now God gives the perfect righteousness of Christ to you.
And this is what's so amazing here in this gospel is that the death, burial, and resurrection changes everything about who you are and what God's on in your life and where you're going to be in 10,000 years.
The gospel changes
All of those things, the question is, have you believed the gospel?
Not have you grown up in church, not have you gotten baptized, not have you given?
No, have you banked your soul on the work of Jesus for you?
Have you said yes to Jesus?
And when you said, I am yielding my heart and my life completely to you.
If you have not, please don't leave our campus without trusting in Jesus.
At the close of our service today, we're gonna give you that opportunity to respond.
And what you get to say, I'm ready to follow Jesus.
We're gonna have some encourages who love to sit down with you and share with you how you can begin a relationship with God through faith in Jesus Christ.
That's the most important thing.
This is precious gospel that Paul here is highlighting.
You see, there's no need for you to try to go and get God to love you, right?
He already,
loves you.
He's fully aware of all of your sin, all of it.
And yet he still loves you.
You don't need to, verse six, travel to heaven to bring Christ down to earth, trying to earn.
You don't need to do that for God's already sinned for you.
Nor said you think that you have to try and go and raise Christ up from the dead as if you could do something like that, because verse seven, God's already raised him up.
You see, God is not so far away that you have to travel to him to try and get to him.
No, no, no.
The message is near you.
The text says there.
He's right here, okay?
God is able to save you right here, right now, in this moment.
You have to go and travel anywhere.
He is here.
So how do we respond?
He tells you in verse nine.
If you confess with your mouth, Jesus is Lord.
Now, don't miss the significance of those three words in English, because to be a first century resident in the Roman Empire, you would have to oftentimes burn incense and declare these words Caesar is Lord.
If you did not do that as a good Roman citizen, you could be sentenced to death.
What Paul is giving here is not just a religious slogan, he is giving a declaration of war.
For you to say Jesus is Lord would make you a rebel against the Roman Empire.
He would make you one who is a turncoat, someone who should be sentenced to death.
To declare Jesus is Lord, what you're saying is there's someone higher than Caesar.
There's someone higher than the government.
There's someone who's Lord over all of that.
So what you're declaring is Jesus, you are Lord.
over all things.
Jesus, you are more important than the president, no matter what political party.
Jesus, you are more important than Congress.
You're more important than the Supreme Court.
Jesus, you are Lord over every king, every empire.
Jesus, you alone are Lord.
Not only that, Jesus, you are Lord over my heart and life.
Jesus, you are Lord.
You are my king.
You're my master.
I submit to you.
I follow you, not the other way around.
Question is, Jesus, you're Lord.
Is he your God?
Is he your number one?
Do you follow his lead?
Do you submit to him as Lord?
If you do not, then you are not in Christ.
To declare Jesus' Lord is where you submit your entire life under his lordship.
And you say, Jesus, you are number one.
You are my boss, you're my king, you're my master, and I joyfully follow you because of what you've done for me in the gospel.
Jesus' Lord, Paul says verse nine.
So if you confess with your mouth, Jesus is Lord.
And you believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved.
Notice he doesn't say you need to go and get baptized, go join a church and you go on a pilgrimage somewhere.
You gotta go and work and earn and do good works to earn God's favor.
No, no, no, no.
And fast with your mouth, Jesus, your Lord.
And I believe in my heart that God raised you from the dead.
And I'm now banking my soul upon you.
This is the gospel in which you're submitting your life completely to Him.
For some of you, this decision for you may become a vacation Bible school or sitting at your kitchen table or bowing at your bedside or on the roadside of somewhere in Alabama.
We'll be sitting right here in this room today.
You're ready to submit your life and say, Jesus, you are Lord and I'm giving you my heart and life.
I'm following you now.
I'm giving the keys of my life over to you.
I'm taking my hands off the steering wheel.
And Lord Jesus, I'm trusting my life completely to you.
This is what we do.
We declare this.
We submit completely to Him.
And this is the message that we preach to the nations and our neighbors.
This is the message.
And it's not just for Jews and Gentiles.
It's for everybody.
Okay, it's not males or females.
It's not black or white.
This gospel is not just for slave or for free.
It's not just for role, tide or war eagle.
This gospel is for everyone.
You see, Jesus came to do away with all divisions, verse 12.
No longer about Jews versus Gentiles, black versus white, male versus female.
No, no, no.
She's going to obliterate those things.
There's no distinction.
Because Jesus is Lord over all who trust in Him by faith.
This gospel, y'all, it's for everyone.
Verse 13, for everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved.
This is for everybody.
Anybody can get in on this gospel.
But Kenneth, I wasn't born to this kind of family.
Kenneth, I don't look a certain way.
I don't make a certain amount of money.
Who cares?
Doesn't matter.
You can get in on this.
The only qualification that you must recognize that you're a sinner.
And guess what?
You qualify.
But Jesus' death is sufficient to pay for all of your sin, and He's inviting you get in here.
You can be part of my family.
You can be adopted.
You can be a citizen of my kingdom.
I want you.
Jesus wants you.
And He proves it through His death and the cross, and He invites you get in here.
And to this gospel, y'all, it's for everybody.
In Matthew chapter 22, Jesus tells the parable of a king who's throwing a wedding banquets.
And he invites people to come in.
And there were lots of people who were saying, no, I'm busy, I've got family in town, all these excuses of why they can't come to the king's banquet.
And the king gets angry.
So he tells his servants, go out into the highways and the byways, and then implore people to come in.
And it says that the banquet hall was full of people who are both good and evil.
They came in.
Why?
Because the king wants to invite anybody and everybody to get in on this.
This is what we're about.
We want to get this gospel to those who have never heard.
Can I give you a personal example?
This past week I was in Mexico, three hours into the jungle with a group of 12 men from our church.
taking the gospel into some areas of Mayans who have never heard of Jesus.
And I was so encouraged by the work that's happening there.
Doug and Darla Miller, they were up here on stage a few minutes ago, and their stories incredible, which they have been laboring in Mexico for decades, reaching people at the gospel, going into Mayan villages, planting churches, an incredible movement of God is taking place down there.
About two decades ago, God used Doug to reach a family
with a young man who was nine years old at the time is where the relationship began with a young man in Ella Seo.
Ella Seo, at the age of about 15, put his faith in Christ.
He's since the call to the ministry, Doug began to disciple him and train him to be a pastor.
He began shepherding and pastoring a church right there in Chan Chin.
His church was growing, he was laboring, loving the people.
Last year, some community leaders came in and began to persecute the church.
It took away the property, locked up the gates, and said, you are no longer allowed to meet here.
Instead of it completely stopping the mission of the church, it lit a fire within LSAO's people.
Their youth group grew to 40 teenagers.
They began going in the different Mayan villages and began sharing the gospel.
They began meeting in a downtown area.
They sent a mission team on their very first mission trip to Belize.
God began to work within the heart of this church.
Well, while we were there last week, we went into a brand new village, a place that had no church, no known believers.
We met a guy who had recently has come to faith in Jesus.
I got a picture I'll show it to you.
This family right here.
In a culture where it's not common to be hospitable, it's not common to open your home.
LSAO right there in the middle with his white tennis shoes is telling the story
about how this family has put their yes on the table, and in this brand new village with no church, they've said, our house is your house.
We want to host Bible studies in our house, and we want people to come and meet with Jesus.
God is at work amongst the nations, and we as a church get to join
God in his pursuit of seeing people from every tribe and tongue and people and nation come to a saving knowledge of Jesus when there's nothing better than this y'all.
I want us to put our focus as a church on this because this gospel that we possess is the good news for the world and we must get it to the nations.
So let's preach the gospel to everyone.
Third and finally,
is let's pursue a sent life.
There's this moment here where Paul makes a pivot here.
He asks four rhetorical questions.
Put your finger on verse 14.
How can they call on him they have not believed in?
How can they believe without hearing about him?
How can they hear without a preacher?
How can they preach
unless they are sent.
Well, the obvious answer is they can't.
See, to grasp Paul's logic here, you can put it in reverse.
If you were to go backwards through the text, you see the church sends preachers.
Preachers will go and preach the message.
Here's, hear the message.
They hear and they believe once they believe they call on the name of the Lord.
You see the connecting point there.
But how can they preach unless they are sent keyword there?
As I think about 2026 for us as a faith family is what I am praying God would do is create within us a sent culture.
a culture in which mission and evangelism is normal, common, a part of the fabric of who we are in our identity.
That we are a gospel people who are madly in love with Jesus, and we are eager to share this gospel with our friends, our co-workers, our teammates, and our neighbors.
Being sent is saying, I'm going to leverage my brief temporary life
for the fame of Jesus so that in my workplace and a place of business on the ball field in the classroom, I want to take what God has given to me and I want to be sent as a missionary to tell people about Jesus.
I look across this room and I see an army of missionaries.
I've seen men and women who are sent by Jesus to go into your area of influence and your neighborhood and your community as a light to the nations and your neighbors of the good news of Jesus.
Being sent means a purpose that God has given to you.
that we get to join Him in His work and seeing people come to faith in Christ.
And so now we as a faith family are a group of missionaries who are leveraging our lives for the fame of Jesus by sharing the gospel with people around us.
This is what Paul is saying here, is that we are a people who send out preachers.
I see hundreds of preachers right now.
who go and preach, and when you preach, people are gonna hear, some are gonna hear you, and they're gonna believe, and when they believe, they're gonna call the name of the Lord.
That's Paul's logic.
You see, verse 14 is not for paid professionals only.
It's for everybody, an entire church mobilized on mission.
So this is where I wanna try something new.
For our impact point, we're gonna do something a little bit different.
One name, one ball, keeps sharing the gospel.
What are you talking about?
Out in the atrium, we have a plexiglass wall that has just been installed.
At the top, there's an opening in which you can drop a ping pong ball into that plexiglass wall.
What I want to invite you to do is every time you share the gospel with a friend, coworker, neighbor, a child,
a grandchild, whoever it is.
When every time you share the gospel, when you gather here, we'll have these ping pong balls, they're right out there next to that wall.
You take a marker, you can write the person's initials, you can write their first name, and I want you to drop it inside of that plexiglass wall.
What's going to be neat is throughout the year of 2026, we're going to see that thing begin to slowly grow.
In each ball,
will represent one gospel conversation that a Westwood member has had with somebody.
How encouraging to see a tangible way that God's people are living a sense of life.
That we're saying, Jesus, I wanna share the good news of what you've done for me, with everyone around me.
And so together, you just write the name, the initials, you drop it in there, and we're gonna see that thing grow.
This week, you have 10 gospel conversations, come in, write the names,
drop 10 ping pong balls.
It's a simple way for us to show and tell the gospel, but encourage one another.
When we get to the end of 2026, how cool is it gonna be to see?
We look at all of these gospel conversations that we've gotten to have as a church.
And then 2027, reset.
Let's fill it up again.
Sent culture.
Who shared the gospel with you?
Do you remember their name?
Do you remember their face?
Do you remember what they said?
How precious to you right now that someone had the courage to share with you the good news of Jesus.
Now you get to go and do the same for someone else.
And this is what you and I get to do.
until Jesus calls us home.
And when you bring the antidote, you bring the medicine for sin and death.
And it changes the heart and life and eternity of someone who is in your life and whom you love.
You have some beautiful feet.
What a privilege to share this gospel.
O Father in Jesus name, would you awaken us as a church to this glorious task of preaching Christ crucified to the nations and to our neighbors.
Locally and globally, we get to join you in your work.
So Lord, would you bless your people?
Would you strengthen them in the faith?
Would you give them a holy boldness that comes not from them, but from you?
Lord, as we are people who are begging and pleading and praying with tears in our eyes, asking you to save and rescue and redeem.
And, Lord, we get to join you in preaching and telling everybody about you what a gift, what privilege we get to do this.
So, Lord, I pray for many fruitful gospel conversations that are coming this year.
Through your faith family that we are people who have good news to tell the world,
So Lord, would you use us to impact our world for Jesus?
But I know we don't have much time left until we are launched into eternity to be with you.
So Lord, in our brief temporary lives, help us to make you count.
Thank you, Lord, for this precious gospel.
Thank you for your son.
Give us the nations for Jesus we pray.
And your name we pray.
Amen.
If you're today, no no Christ, please don't leave our campus.
Up here at the front, we have some encouragers who love to talk with you to introduce you to Jesus.
Just come forward and say, I'm ready to put my faith in Christ.
And these guys would love to talk with you and help you make that next step in following Christ.
If you're going through something in your life and you want something to pray with you, they would be honored to pray with you today.
I would encourage you today.
Please don't spin off our campus.
Take time.
Visit the booths out in the atrium.
Stay for this next hour and connect with these missionaries.
Hear their stories as they are sprinkled all across our campus.
We have signs all up around campus so you can know which room to go to.
There are lift mission summit brochures that you can grab out in the atrium.
It gives you all the details of upcoming mission trips, who our mission partners are, how you can connect with them.
And I want to invite you to stay.
And then today at four o'clock, come right back in here and let's revel in what God is doing amongst
nations and we will celebrate the Lord Jesus Christ.
Before we go, I just want to say thank you for this.
Thank you for your generosity and your giving.
Because if you're giving many of these mission partners who just lined up right across this stage up here earlier, they are able to fulfill the great commission in different parts of the world because of your generosity.
So thank you for being generous and you're giving our buckets out in the atrium which you can give.
You can also give online or through the Westwood app, but you are a part of fulfilling the great commission through your generous giving.
And I'm just so grateful to God for you for that.
I want you to know this.
I'm crazy about you.
I love you so much.
But Jesus loves you more.
Let's go with an impact on Jesus.
They got us the best.